[DEVCOMMS-483] Feature/localization section revamp (#1637)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/resources/document-types.en.md

# Document types

> The types of documents accepted when charging through Mercado Pago vary by country.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The document types accepted when charging through Mercado Pago vary by country.
```

> NOTE
>
> Important
>
> The information below does not apply to Mexico.

## Get the document types

The types of documents accepted can be obtained as follows:

> To consult all the types of documents available by country and obtain a list with the identification and details of each one of them, perform a GET to the endpoint [/v1/identification_types](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/identification_types/_identification_types/get).

Reviewer: document types tiene un solo endpoint, hace sentido poner dos veces seguidas el mismo link?

> To consult all the types of documents available by country and obtain a list with the identification and details of each one of them, perform a GET to the endpoint [/v1/identification_types](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/identification_types/_identification_types/get).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To consult all the document types available by country and obtain a list with the identification and details of each one of them, perform a GET to the endpoint [/v1/identification_types](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/identification_types/_identification_types/get).
```

You can get more information about the attributes in [Get Document Types](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/identification_types/_identification_types/get) in API references.
 
## Availability of documents by country

> See below the types of documents accepted according to each country.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See below the document types accepted according to each country.
```

> | Country | Document type | ID |

Reviewer: estos quedaron en ES & PT porque son terminos que no se traducen, no?
